Add keyRotate. (#25)
Octo8080X/fresh-session: README.md

    // Accessing the flashed data
    // /!\ This flashed data will disappear after accessing it one time.
    session.flash("success");

>     // Session Key Rotation only kv store and redis store.
>     // Is not work in cookie store. 

Reviewer: My suggestion:
```suggestion
    // Rotate the session key. Only supported by the kv store and redis store, not the cookie store.
    // If using the session for authentication, with a kv or redis store, it is recommended to rotate the key at login to prevent session fixation attack.
    // The cookie store is immune from this issue.
```
